>> Kent C. Dodds: Let's go ahead and
look at what the projects looks like.
So you know what you're actually testing.
So you run npm run dev, do not start.
And this will start up the server and
I generated a bunch of random data and
start up the client that
will hit that server.
So this is the Today I Learned app and
yeah it just has a bunch
of random posts in here.
You can login.
There's a user already pre-filled in here,
called TIL for Today I Learned,
and the password is also til.
And then you can add,
and this is the editor,
this is what I'm gonna be
testing here in a second.
So, something cool, stuff that is awesome,
and frontend.masters.rocks.
Okay, so we can create a post,
we can't delete it.
You can add that feature if you wanna.
It could be fun.
So, that's what I will be
testing here in a second.
What you will be testing.
It's the login which is actually
very similar to the register,
you might not notice but the URL is
changing they are like identical.
So, you'll be testing this form,
I'll be testing the editor.